Now we're going to create these little spiders that we have on the top of our first cylinder.
So what we'll do is we'll come down to our reuse folder and let's turn off our drawings so we can see
them.
We're going to select our smaller cylinder and we're going to copy in
turn are drawn back on then we'll come up to the top create a new layer above our cylinder paste them
and then we're going to shrink him down
.
Now what we want to do is we want to create an elliptical
and using this color.
We'll fill them and
then we'll move them to the bottom of our cylinder.
Now we're going to copy our roof for our castle which is right here.
Our roof has three layers.
It has the base layer the highlight layer and the bottom layer.
And we're going to merge those three layers together and then we're going to copy that layer and then
we will paste them
right above this little guy right here.
Actually we want him behind him like that will shrink him down and
put them into place.
Awesome.
Now what we want to do is we want to merge those two layers
.
So now those are one layer and now we can copy
and paste them and drag them over to our other side.
And what we're also going to do is we are going to change their angle so we're going to go command T
and then we can rotate them just a bit.
We'll do the same with the other guy.
Awesome.
Now let's drag these behind our large cylinder like so then we'll paste one last one and we will put
them right in the center.
And this one we want above our cylinder or in front.
Now the bottom of our cylinder would not be a light color because behind the castle the light wouldn't
be hitting it.
So we want to change that to a darker color and the way we'll do that will come in and using our wand
selection tool or magic wand.
We're going to select that area and then we are going to fill it in with a darker color and we are going
to use this color here.